## Can a movie's plot summary determine its MPAA rating?

I had a random sample of 1,000 movies, their star ratings on IMDb, their MPAA rating, their genres and durations. I used Selenium to scrape the first paragraph of each of the movie's pages from Wikipedia (I wanted to use IMDb, but they categorize each movie by a unique ID and I couldn't immediately get the API to work and match the title to ID). I merged these descriptions with the rest of the dataframe. 

I then built a classifer to determine whether certain words in the descriptions lend themselves to certain MPAA ratings. While crime/horror movies are generally more likely to be R-rated, I wondered if you would know that based purely on their descriptions. The classifiers I used – Linear SVC and Random Forest – both had poor clf scores of just around 50. I believe that's not because there is no relation between the text and ratings, but rather because of flaws in Wikipedia's description. The paragraph generally includes words like "directed", "written," etc. which occur most frequently and are otherwise irrelevant to the classification, yet the classifier lists them as the most important features. In general, the features were a bit random – not only did they have little to do with the movie’s plot, but even less to do with the rating. I was not able to add my own stop words (I tried an nltk package and another manual solution from Stack Overflow, without success). I would maybe repeat this classifier with better data from IMDb and/or a more thorough stop words list.
 
